
# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [1.1.1] - 2025-09-26
Bugfixes and minor improvements. Also updates the Dependencies to the latest versions.

### Added
- #246 Allows Callendar usage within Collapse Blocks

### Fixed
- Fixed all SASS deprecation warnings
- Fixed the build process for cleaner outputs
- #254 Escapes titles for html tag removal
- #303 Fixes an issue where #undefined was present as default input for Notice blocks
- #244 CSS hierarchy fix
- #304, #302 Opts into the new default margins and paddings in FAU-Elemental
- #253 Allows Gallery usage inside Collapse Blocks
- #301 Resolves deprecation warnings within the tabs block
- #325 Update the Facts Grid Design in FAU-Einrichtungen
- #327 Fixes the Content Width in FAU-Elemental
- #326 Fixes Alert Styles in FAU-Elemental
- #328 Fixes content width in FAU-Elemental
- #329 Adds FAU SVG files for usage inside the editor frontend
- #330 Adjusts the facts grid design for FAU-Elemental
- #331 Adjusts the Iconbox Design for FAU-Elemental
- #332 Adjusts the border-right for iconboxes and counters
- #334 Fixes the CTA inside FAU-Elemental
- #335 Allows br tags in descriptions inside the Iconboxes
- #336 Adds content width for IconboxRow inside the Editor in FAU-Elemental
- #333 Fixes a padding issue in FAU-Elemental
- #320 Removes redundant notice styles
- #322 Improves notice block styling

### Maintenance
- Updated Dependencies

## [1.1.0] - 2025-09-16
This version introduces a new Iconset replacing the FontAwesome IconLibrary.
Old Icons set via FontAwesome will be supported for now, but might be removed in later versions v2+.

### Added
- New Iconset Google Material Icons
- New Block Facts Grid
- Rudimentary CSS Support for the new FAU-Elemental Theme

### Fixed
- Blocks are now sorted below the Design Elements inside the BlockInserter
- Translation files for DE Formal are now in Sync with DE to fix general naming conventions

## [1.0.22] - 2025-07-16

Preparations for FAU-Elemental and UX-Fix inside the CTA

### Added
- CSS for FAU-Elemental for Accordion, CTA & partially Tabs

### Fixed
- CTA Button not working within the Editor

## [1.0.19] - 2025-06-16

Dynamic Rendering and Migration.

### Added
- #238 Advanced Sanitization for JumpName Links within the Migration Phase to minimize User Error.
- #230 New Blocks within the Timeline Block available
- #220 Legacy CTA-Colors available via Additional color classes per faculty

### Fixed
- #229 Animation preview inside counter and timeline blocks not working
- #232 Category Selector within the Custom News Block is not working

### Changed
- #237 Dynamic Rendering for all blocks for an easier Maintenance in the future

## [1.0.18] - 2025-04-25

Minor usability and design improvements.

### Added
- #224 Automatic transformation for Notice (Info-Box) Blocks

### Fixed
- #223 Animation preview inside counter blocks not working
- #222 Fix the design for the hover state for Buttons within the counter row

## [1.0.16] - 2025-03-14

Changed the allowed inner blocks for Collapsibles, Alerts and Notices.

### Added
- Buttons, FAUdir and more Blocks are now allowed in accordions, Alerts and Notices.

## [1.0.15] - 2025-01-21

Fixed an issue, where FontAwesome Fonts were not loaded correctly any longer

## [1.0.14] - 2024-12-19

Improved transformation behavior from and to blocks to ease the working process inside the editor.
Fixed an issue, where users with different language settings might get a Block Deprecation inside the editor.

### Added
- [#175 Transformation of Blocks](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/175)

### Fixed
- [#86 Expand-All-Link Deprecation](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/176)


## [1.0.13] - 2024-12-13

A new store for managing the jumpNames throughout the Element Block suite minimizes duplicate id's and errors.

### Fixed
- [#174 The Jumpname issue](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/174)
- JumpNames are automatically generated based on the input title. Per default, generation is switched off. If a jumpName starts with the autogenerated tag panel_, the flag is positive and jumpNames are generated automatically via the title-Attribute. This also makes sure, that already set jumpnames are not affected by the change.
- The fix should also fix an issue where moving Accordion tabs from one into another accordion was not possible due to a duplication of JumpNames.

 ## [1.0.10] - 2024-10-22

Minor improvements

### Fixed
- [#98 A11y-improvements for the icon picker.](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/98)

### Added
- [Added #154](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/154)


 ## [1.0.11] - 2024-11-08

New Timeline Block with gsap animation

### Added
- [#164 Timeline for the Block Editor.](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/164)

### Removed
- React & React-dom from the package.json

 ## [1.0.10] - 2024-10-22

Minor improvements

### Fixed
- [#98 A11y-improvements for the icon picker.](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/98)

### Added
- [Added #154](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/154)


 ## [1.0.9] - 2024-10-10

Accessibility improvements for the Accordion-Block inside the Frontend.

### Fixed
- Fixed a11y-issues like missing aria-Tags and roles for full Voice Over Support. The script follows the a11y-Update from the RRZE Element suite, still sharing the same JS for backwards compatibility.

### Added
- German Formal Translation for better coverage

 ## [1.0.8] - 2024-08-09

Quality of Life improvements

### Updated
- [Updated #143](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/143)
  Further improved the automatic block transforms for Accordions

### Fixed
- [Fixed #151](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/151)
  Fixed an issue, where the Font size was not applied to Icon boxes.
- [Fixed #150](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/150)
  Fixed the translation & Minor Usablity Issues inside all Elements Blocks

### Removed
- Removed the starter templates for patterns, waiting for the new design in 2025 to establish the feature.

## [1.0.7] - 2024-07-12

Improvements for the Accordion & Collapsible-Blocks. UI-Improvements

### Added
- [Added #143](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/143)
  Added Block Transforms for nested Accordions, Accordion-Elements and inner Accordions. Also added a prompt window to ask users, if accordions were detected in a correct manner and if users want to proceed.

### Fixed
- [Fixed #140](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/140)
  Fixed an Issue where the Accordion Title was invisible after title was deleted.
- [Fixed #146 & #137 ](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/146)
  Fixed missing Translation inside the Accordion & Collapsible-Blocks
- [Fixed #141](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/141)
  Resolved PHP-Warning "Undefined array key "isPHP" for Pattern registration
- [Fixed #144](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/144)
  Resolved an Error where drag & drop of several Accordion items caused an Error and frozen Editor

### Removed
- [Removed #144](https://github.com/RRZE-Webteam/rrze-elements-blocks/issues/144)
  Removed the old automatic jump link generation. Jump links are now generated via the cut-off block-id to reduce calculations on block interaction. Elements-Accordions generated via Shortcode won't be dynamically transformed


Older Versions are tracked via GitHub Releases but not listed inside this File.
